---
layout: page_publication
name: Benchmarking of a Novel POS Tagging Based Semantic Similarity Approach for Job Description Similarity Computation
type: paper
authors:  Joydeep Mondal, Sarthak Ahuja, Kushal Mukherjee, Sudhanshu S. Singh, Gyana Parija
track: In-Use Track
submission: Full Research Paper
acceptance: Accepted
_url: https://2018.eswc-conferences.org/paper_111/
project_url:
thumbnail_url: thumbnail_eswc2018.png
type: conference
conference_url: https://2018.eswc-conferences.org/
venue: ICSOC
projectimage: sample.png
weight: 2
reference: https://2018.eswc-conferences.org/paper_111/
code:
database: 
slides: 
poster: 
demo: 
special: 
year: 2017
excerpt: Additional content
---
Most solutions providing hiring analytics involve mapping provided job descriptions to a standard job framework, thereby requiring computation of a document similarity score between two job descriptions. Finding semantic similarity between a pair of documents is a problem that is yet to be solved satisfactorily over all possible domains/contexts. Most document similarity calculation exercises require a large corpus of data for training the underlying models.
In this paper we compare three methods of document similarity for job descriptions – topic modeling (LDA), doc2vec, and a novel part-of-speech tagging based document similarity (POSDC) calculation method. LDA and doc2vec require a large corpus of data to train, while POCDC exploits a domain specific property of descriptive documents (such as job descriptions) that enables us to compare two documents in isolation. POSDC method is based on an ”action-object-attribute” representation of documents, that allows meaningful comparisons. We use Standford Core NLP and NLTK Wordnet to do a multilevel semantic match between the actions and corresponding objects. We use sklearn for topic modeling and gensim for doc2vec. We compare the results from these three methods based on IBM Kenexa Talent frameworks job taxonomy